Question 1 (1 point) 
 Saved
To be efficient every manager must try to understand:
Question 1 options:

Understand human behaviour *

Predict human behaviour 

Control human behaviour

All of the above

Question 2 (1 point) 
 Saved
Which of the behaviour is a reason that the study of organizational behaviour is useful?
Question 2 options:

Human behaviour does not vary a great deal between individuals and situations

Human behaviour is not random *

Human behaviour is not consistent

Human behaviour is rarely predictable

Question 3 (1 point) 
 Saved
The philosophy that guides an organization's policies towards its employees and customers is an important part of:
Question 3 options:

Management strategy

Organizational behavior

Organizational culture *

Organizational development

Question 4 (1 point) 
 Saved
An OB study would least likely to be used to focus on which of the following problems:
Question 4 options:

An increase in absenteeism in a certain company

A fall in productivity of one shift of a manufacturing company

A decrease in sales due to growing foreign competition *

An increase in theft by employees at a retail store

Question 5 (1 point) 
 Saved
OB Helps to understand behaviour of human in ___________.
Question 5 options:

Work place and Society

Work place only *

Society only

Department only

Question 6 (1 point) 
 Saved
OB does not contribute to improve:
Question 6 options:

Motivation

Efficiency *

Inter-personal relations

Communication

Question 7 (1 point) 
 Saved
Organizational Behaviour is not an/a:
Question 7 options:

Separate field of study

Applied science

Normative Science

Pessimistic Approach *

Question 8 (1 point) 
 Saved
All of the following topics and areas generally constitute the field of OB except:
Question 8 options:

International Events *

Inter-personal Communication

Leadership

Work design

Question 9 (1 point) 
 Saved
How many determinants of human behavior in an organization are studied in OB?
Question 9 options:

One

Two

Three

Four *

Question 10 (1 point) 
 Saved
According to the text, the best approach for obtaining knowledge about human behavior is --------
Question 10 options:

An observational approach

A theoretical approach

A contingency approach

A systematic approach *

Week 1 - LAQ's
Instructions

Discuss the conceptual framework of Organizational Behaviour.

Three main theoretical frameworks of organizational behaviour include the cognitive, behaviouristic and social learning frameworks. These form the basis of an organizational behaviour model. The cognitive approach is 
based on the expectancy, demand and incentive concepts. Edward Tolman has developed this approach.

Social Cognitive Framework
This framework adds the environment as an important factor in addition to cognitive and behavioral aspects. It's based on the idea that people often observe and imitate others, especially children. This is also true in the workplace, where employees may imitate the behavior of others they see being rewarded or punished. 

Bureaucratic Model
This model includes a hierarchy of authority, division of work, and a system of rules and regulations. It's still relevant today, and is used in business, government, education, and other large organizations. 

